me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Humanoid.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Humanoid
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/server/ServerVersion.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.server.ServerVersion
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/block/WoodType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.block.WoodType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/DamageCause.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.DamageCause
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/SpadeExceptionMessages.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.SpadeExceptionMessages
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/StatusEffect.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.StatusEffect
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/Cloneable.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.Cloneable
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/command/permission/PermissionHolder.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.command.permission.PermissionHolder
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Projectile.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Projectile
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/id/Identifier.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.id.Identifier
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/config/system/JsonConfigurationSystem.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.config.system.JsonConfigurationSystem
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/Taggable.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.Taggable
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/builder/RecipeBuilder.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.builder.RecipeBuilder
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Boat.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Boat
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/CraftingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.CraftingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/SmokingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.SmokingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/config/Configuration.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.config.Configuration
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/OfflinePlayer.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.OfflinePlayer
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/world/BiomeType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.BiomeType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/command/permission/Permission.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.command.permission.Permission
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/ProjectileSource.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.ProjectileSource
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/loader/PluginLoader.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.loader.PluginLoader
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/SmithingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.SmithingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Player.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Player
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/block/Block.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.block.Block
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/config/system/ConfigurationSystem.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.config.system.ConfigurationSystem
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/block/BlockType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.block.BlockType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/EntityType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.EntityType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/LivingEntity.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.LivingEntity
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/world/area/CuboidArea.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.area.CuboidArea
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/world/Location.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.Location
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/builder/ShapelessRecipeBuilder.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.builder.ShapelessRecipeBuilder
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Snowball.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Snowball
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/item/ItemStack.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.item.ItemStack
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Entity.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Entity
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/builder/CraftingRecipeBuilder.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.builder.CraftingRecipeBuilder
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/Spade.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.Spade
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/id/Identifiable.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.id.Identifiable
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/block/BlockData.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.block.BlockData
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/loader/JarPluginLoader.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.loader.JarPluginLoader
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/world/World.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.World
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.WorldUtils
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/config/system/YamlConfigurationSystem.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.config.system.YamlConfigurationSystem
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.config.system.YamlConfigurationSystem$1
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/Recipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.Recipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Vehicle.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Vehicle
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/ShapelessRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.ShapelessRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/CookingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.CookingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/StatusEffectType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.StatusEffectType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/item/Ingredient.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.item.Ingredient
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/loader/PluginLoadException.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.loader.PluginLoadException
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Egg.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Egg
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/command/CommandSender.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.command.CommandSender
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/Vector.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.Vector
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/CampfireRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.CampfireRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/item/ItemType.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.item.ItemType
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/StonecutterRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.StonecutterRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/ShapedRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.ShapedRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/Arrow.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.Arrow
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/DamageableEntity.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.DamageableEntity
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/SmeltingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.SmeltingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/PluginManager.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.PluginManager
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/entity/AreaEffectCloud.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.entity.AreaEffectCloud
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/server/Server.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.server.Server
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/item/TagIngredient.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.item.TagIngredient
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/Plugin.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.Plugin
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/recipe/BlastingRecipe.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.recipe.BlastingRecipe
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/plugin/DefaultPluginManager.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.plugin.DefaultPluginManager
me/mcblueparrot/spade/api/world/area/Area.java
 me.mcblueparrot.spade.api.world.area.Area
